# BookCover

## Book Title: Animal Farm
You should have a github page with your code, images of the front and back cover of the book, and a (link to a) video of your code running. The readme.md file should contain a brief description of your code, and how to interact with it. Describe any limitations that your code has. Describe how someone could download your code and get it running.

## Code Descriptipm 
In this project, I created two target images; one for the front cover of the book and one for the back cover of the book. The target image are linked to the target images that I created in Vuforia Developer Portal. I added 3D models from Unity Asset Store for the front page to show the characters involved in book. For the Title and the Author's name, I created 3D texts and placed them perpendicular to the surface of the book. Foe the back page, I created two TextMeshPro; one for the general information of the book (author, date published, number of pages) and another one for my review of the book. I also created a white plane to cover the letters on the book so those TMP can be seen. For the user interface, I tried the Virtual Button but it was deprecated and that made the button to be unstable (it clicks itself when the application is runnnin) so I decided to not use it (it is grayed out). Then I decided to create two buttons with Render Mode: Screen Space - Overlay which means that it static and stick to a specific place of the screen. One button is for viewing my review of the book and one button is for displaying the general information. A script called "UIController" is called when each of the button is clicked; the script enables or disables the TMP of the Review or general information.
